# Swift Internet Archiver CLI (swarc)

This is a cross-platform CLI for uploading audio files generated by the [Cornell Bioacoustics Research Program's Swift Recording Unit](http://www.birds.cornell.edu/brp/swift/) to the [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/).

The purpose is to make the archiving process simple. The Swift recorder can run for weeks, generating around 250GB of data per month under the default settings. Finding affordable file hosting services for this is difficult, especially if you run the devices year-round. The Internet Archive will host the files for free as long as they are licensed properly and open to anyone for download.

`swarc` prompts the user for information about the site the audio was recorded at, to use for the archive's title, description, and metadata.

**More info to be added as the CLI components are completed.**

Copyright 2019, Robert Gerald Porter <rob@inpictures.ca>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
